Add missing rate limits for EIS (#3625)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/elastic-inference/eis.md

## Pricing 

All models on EIS incur a charge per million tokens. The pricing details are at our [Pricing page](https://www.elastic.co/pricing/serverless-search) for the Elastic Managed LLM and ELSER. 

## Rate Limits

> The service enforces rate limits on an ongoing basis. Exceeding a limit will result in HTTP 429 responses from the server until the limit time is reached and the limit resets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The service enforces rate limits on an ongoing basis. Exceeding a limit will result in HTTP 429 responses from the server until the sliding window moves on further and parts of the limit resets.
```
Just to clarify that it's not at every minute when the capacity resets.

### Elastic Managed LLM

- 50 requests per minute
- No rate limit on tokens

### ELSER (Sparse Embedding)

We limit on both requests per minute and tokens per minute (whichever limit is reached first).

#### Ingest 

- 6000 request per minute
- 6 million tokens per minute

#### Search

> - 6000 requests per minute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 6,000 requests per minute
```
